Add `osu! World Cup 2024: Semifinals Recap` news post (#12498)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-11-28-osu-world-cup-2024-semifinals-recap.md

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/447/Songs/nagiha%20-%20VALDeS.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-11-28-osu-world-cup-2024-semifinals-recap/today_is_the_day_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281434#osu/4864081)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/349/Songs/Minstrel_-_today_is_the_day.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

## Semifinals summary

| Team A |  |  | Team B |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| **United Kingdom** ::{ flag=GB }:: | **6** | 4 | ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines |
| **Russian Federation** ::{ flag=RU }:: | **6** | 1 | ::{ flag=PL }:: Poland |
| **Canada** ::{ flag=CA }:: | **6** | 5 | ::{ flag=CN }:: China |
| Australia ::{ flag=AU }:: | 4 | **6** | ::{ flag=US }:: **United States** |
| **South Korea** ::{ flag=KR }:: | **6** | 0 | ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany |
| Hong Kong ::{ flag=HK }:: | 3 | **6** | ::{ flag=CL }:: **Chile** |
| **Russian Federation** ::{ flag=RU }:: | **6** | 2 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Chile |
| Canada ::{ flag=CA }:: | 5 | **6** | ::{ flag=GB }:: **United Kingdom** |

> This semifinals weekend was historic; teams rose and fell like kingdoms, and the long-standing empires once more laid claim to their promised land. Glorious leaders commanded their troops through a weekend of fierce battles where the top 12 became the top 6 and where even mother nature stepped onto the battlefield.

Author: i dont necessarily agree but this needs to go out and its not a big deal so just committing this

On the other side of the losers' bracket, ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada and ::{ flag=CN }:: China fought all the way until tiebreaker, with ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada taking the last map and advancing 6–5 into top 8. ::{ flag=CN }:: China showed once more, after taking both ::{ flag=RU }:: Russia and ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada to tiebreaker, that they are not to be trifled with.

Across from this match was the ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines vs ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom, where the ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines gave the UK some trouble, with the ::{ flag=GB }:: UK winning 6–4. The ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines have now made the top 12 for the second time in OWC, solidifying them as one of the tournament's high performers.

Meanwhile, in the winners' bracket:

- ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany matched up against ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea in an underdog match. And certainly, ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany were the underdogs; ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea continued their 16–0 win streak and dropped no points against ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany, making them 22–0 in maps and 4–0 in matches through OWC 2024.

> - ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia and the ::{ flag=US }:: United States faced off in the last match of the weekend, with the ::{ flag=US }:: USA taking the match 6–4 and securing a spot in the winners' finals for the first time since 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia and the ::{ flag=US }:: United States faced off in the last match of the weekend, with the ::{ flag=US }:: U.S. taking the match 6–4 and securing a spot in the Winners' Finals for the first time since 2021.
```

> Read on for more details about both ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia vs. the ::{ flag=US }:: United States and ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada vs. the ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read on for more details about the matches of both ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia vs. the ::{ flag=US }:: United States and ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada vs. the ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom.
```

### ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia vs. ::{ flag=US }:: United States

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/116290548)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2309726416)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/udSXyASuYI4?start=1021&end=1184" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> The moment the Qualifier results were released, with ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia seeding #2 and the ::{ flag=US }:: United States seeding #3, all eyes looked toward their near-certain date in the Semifinals. After several weeks of one-sided wins each, their meeting was set, a rematch of last year's losers' bracket Finals in which the United States ran roughshod over Australia 7–1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The moment the Qualifier results were released, with ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia seeding #2 and the ::{ flag=US }:: United States seeding #3, all eyes looked toward their near-certain date in the Semifinals. After several weeks of one-sided wins each, their meeting was set, a rematch of last year's losers' bracket Finals in which the ::{ flag=US }:: United States ran roughshod over :{{ flag=AU }:: Australia 7–1.
```

> The moment qualifier results were released, with Australia seeding #2 and the United States seeding #3, all eyes looked toward their near-certain date in the Semifinals. After several weeks of one-sided wins each, their meeting was set, a rematch of last year's losers bracket final in which the United States ran roughshod over Australia, winning it 7–1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The moment the Qualifier results were released, with ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia seeding #2 and the ::{ flag=US }:: United States seeding #3, all eyes looked toward their near-certain date in the Semifinals. After several weeks of one-sided wins each, their meeting was set, a rematch of last year's losers' bracket Finals in which the United States ran roughshod over Australia 7–1.
```

> Expectations for this match were sky-high, and it lived up to the billing, a back-and-forth affair in which the teams dominated their own picks to a historic level. The United States, having bolstered their roster's well-roundedness with the return of ::{ flag=US }:: [Utami](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7512553) and the addition of rookie ::{ flag=US }:: [Pezz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10651106), opted heavily into the gimmicky maps in the pool, opening things up with the overlap-reading No Mod pick [Lovely Icecream Princess Sweetie](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/669232#osu/1415526) before delving into the precision flow aim hard rock pick [Saika](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1224300#osu/2546419). They would win both, with ::{ flag=US }:: [Pezz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10651106) and ::{ flag=US }:: [Utami](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7512553) their top two performers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expectations for this match were sky-high, and it lived up to the billing, a back-and-forth affair in which the teams dominated their own picks to a historic level. The ::{ flag=US }:: United States, having bolstered their roster's well-roundedness with the return of ::{ flag=US }:: [Utami](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7512553) and the addition of rookie ::{ flag=US }:: [Pezz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10651106), opted heavily into the gimmicky maps in the pool, opening things up with the overlap-reading No Mod pick [Lovely Icecream Princess Sweetie](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/669232#osu/1415526) before delving into the precision flow aim Hard Rock pick [Saika](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1224300#osu/2546419). They would win both with ::{ flag=US }:: [Pezz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10651106) and ::{ flag=US }:: [Utami](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7512553) being their top performers.
```

> Not to be outdone, mechanics marvels Australia simply decided to pick their way straight through the double time pool, and the Aussies would be rewarded with wins on all four DT maps, including a ridiculous 4.39 million team score on [Hit & Run](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281450#osu/4864105) (DT4). Back and forth went the scoreline as neither team could pick up a break point through the first eight maps of the match, bringing the score to 4–4 heading into the teams' respective final picks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not to be outdone, the mechanics marvels of ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia simply decided to pick their way straight through the Double Time pool, and the Aussies would be rewarded with wins on all four DT maps, including a ridiculous 4.39 million team score on [Hit & Run](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281450#osu/4864105). Back and forth went the scoreline as neither team could pick up a break point through the first eight maps of the match, bringing the score to 4–4 heading into the teams' respective final picks.
```

> After the US won their last map, the last pick of the match belonged to Australia. If they won, it would force a tiebreaker; lose, and the match would end right then and there with an American victory. Out of double time maps, they opted into the aim consistency No Mod selection of [Warcry](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281532#osu/4864391), an incredibly popular pick the entire weekend. To this point, ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) had been having something of a quiet match by his illustrious standards; while he put up several full combos and top scores, none truly stood out in the way many expected — as one of the pre-eminent aim players in the tournament, what would NM1 bring for him?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the US won their last map, the last pick of the match belonged to Australia. If they won, it would force a tiebreaker; lose, and the match would end right then and there with an American victory. Out of the Double Time maps, they opted into the aim consistency No Mod selection of [Warcry](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281532#osu/4864391), an incredibly popular pick for the entire weekend. To this point, ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) had been having something of a quiet match by his illustrious standards — while he put up several full combos and top scores, none truly stood out in the way many expected. As one of the pre-eminent aim players in the tournament, what would NM1 bring for him?
```

> After the US won their last map, the last pick of the match belonged to Australia. If they won, it would force a tiebreaker; lose, and the match would end right then and there with an American victory. Out of the Double Time maps, they opted into the aim consistency No Mod selection of [Warcry](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281532#osu/4864391), an incredibly popular pick for the entire weekend. To this point, ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) had been having something of a quiet match by his illustrious standards — while he put up several full combos and top scores, none truly stood out in the way many expected. As one of the pre-eminent aim players in the tournament, what would NM1 bring for him?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the US won their last map, the last pick of the match belonged to ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia. If they won, it would force a tiebreaker; lose, and the match would end right then and there with an ::{ flag=US }:: American victory. Out of the Double Time maps, they opted into the aim consistency No Mod selection of [Warcry](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281532#osu/4864391), an incredibly popular pick for the entire weekend. To this point, ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) had been having something of a quiet match by his illustrious standards — while he put up several full combos and top scores, none truly stood out in the way many expected. As one of the pre-eminent aim players in the tournament, what would NM1 bring for him?
```

> Unfortunately, the answer was despair. After an early break, he was regaining combo when the lobby came to a crashing halt. It was a disconnect from the world #1, his internet having dropped at the worst possible time. The map continued on for the seven other players — unaware of what had occurred, the United States eventually won by a margin of 844,321. ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) would not have been able to make up the difference in score, so by rule the United States won the pick and with it the match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, the answer was despair. After an early break, he was regaining combo when the lobby came to a crashing halt. It was a disconnect from the world #1 player, his internet having dropped at the worst possible time. The map continued on for the seven other players — unaware of what had occurred, the United States eventually won by a margin of 844,321. ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) would not have been able to make up the difference in score, so by rule the ::{ flag=US }:: United States won the pick and with it the match.
```

> It was a disappointing ending to a tremendous match that saw two top teams at their absolute peak, with the United States moving on to their first winners bracket final since 2021 while Australia fell to the losers bracket to fight their way through.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It was a disappointing ending to a tremendous match that saw two top teams at their absolute peak, with the United States moving on to their first winners' bracket final since 2021, while Australia fell to the losers' bracket to fight their way through.
```

### ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada vs. ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/116296356)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2310083959)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/udSXyASuYI4?start=393&end=585" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> The teams involved in the best match of finals week each had a big question to answer. For the United Kingdom, it was whether the time had come for a return to form after recent decline in final results compared to their 2017–2019 peak. By contrast, Canada had back-to-back top 6 finishes in 2022 and 2023, and they came into 2024 trying to find out if they could continue their run despite major roster changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The teams involved in the best match of Semifinals week each had a big question to answer. For the United Kingdom, it was whether the time had come for a return to form after recent decline in results compared to their 2017–2019 peak. By contrast, Canada had back-to-back top 6 finishes in 2022 and 2023, and they came into 2024 trying to find out if they could continue their run despite major roster changes.
```

> The teams involved in the best match of Semifinals week each had a big question to answer. For the United Kingdom, it was whether the time had come for a return to form after recent decline in results compared to their 2017–2019 peak. By contrast, Canada had back-to-back top 6 finishes in 2022 and 2023, and they came into 2024 trying to find out if they could continue their run despite major roster changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The teams involved in the best match of Semifinals week each had a big question to answer. For the ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom, it was whether the time had come for a return to form after recent decline in results compared to their 2017–2019 peak. By contrast, Canada had back-to-back top 6 finishes in 2022 and 2023, and they came into 2024 trying to find out if they could continue their run despite major roster changes.
```

> This match would be a gruelling affair between two remarkably evenly matched teams. With strong tapping mechanics players on their side such as ::{ flag=GB }:: [Malteser](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5218178), ::{ flag=GB }:: [Akolibed](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9269034), ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050), and ::{ flag=GB }:: [rudj](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11592896), the United Kingdom picked heavily into the double time pool in the early stages, winning [Arrival of Tears](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2108157#osu/4425512) and [White Happy](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1438024#osu/3092197) with their first two picks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This match would be a gruelling affair between two remarkably evenly matched teams. With strong tapping mechanics players on their side such as ::{ flag=GB }:: [Malteser](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5218178), ::{ flag=GB }:: [Akolibed](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9269034), ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050), and ::{ flag=GB }:: [rudj](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11592896), the United Kingdom picked heavily into the Double Time pool in the early stages, winning [Arrival of Tears](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2108157#osu/4425512) and [White Happy](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1438024#osu/3092197) with their first two picks.
```

> Meanwhile, Canada's aim skills were on full display as they comfortably won their first two selections of [TO MAKE THE END OF BATTLE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281558#osu/4864433) and [The Creator](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2280398#osu/4861174), showing off the consistency of members such as ::{ flag=CA }:: [xootynator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3717598) and ::{ flag=CA }:: [PikaPwn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2012453). Canada then switched up their approach, displaying the elite hidden skills of their roster to win [Acheron](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281543#osu/4864408) with their third pick. The United Kingdom responded with a massive team score on [Saika](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1224300#osu/2546419), led by an FC from ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050), to tie the match up 3–3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meanwhile, the ::{ flag=CA }:: Canadians' aim skills were on full display as they comfortably won their first two selections of [TO MAKE THE END OF BATTLE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281558#osu/4864433) and [The Creator](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2280398#osu/4861174), showing off the consistency of members such as ::{ flag=CA }:: [xootynator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3717598) and ::{ flag=CA }:: [PikaPwn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2012453). The team then switched up its approach, displaying the elite Hidden skills of their roster to win [Acheron](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281543#osu/4864408) with their third pick. The United Kingdom responded with a massive team score on [Saika](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1224300#osu/2546419), led by an FC from ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050), to tie the match up 3–3.
```

> Meanwhile, the ::{ flag=CA }:: Canadians' aim skills were on full display as they comfortably won their first two selections of [TO MAKE THE END OF BATTLE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281558#osu/4864433) and [The Creator](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2280398#osu/4861174), showing off the consistency of members such as ::{ flag=CA }:: [xootynator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3717598) and ::{ flag=CA }:: [PikaPwn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2012453). The team then switched up its approach, displaying the elite Hidden skills of their roster to win [Acheron](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281543#osu/4864408) with their third pick. The United Kingdom responded with a massive team score on [Saika](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1224300#osu/2546419), led by an FC from ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050), to tie the match up 3–3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meanwhile, the ::{ flag=CA }:: Canadians' aim skills were on full display as they comfortably won their first two selections of [TO MAKE THE END OF BATTLE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281558#osu/4864433) and [The Creator](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2280398#osu/4861174), showing off the consistency of members such as ::{ flag=CA }:: [xootynator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3717598) and ::{ flag=CA }:: [PikaPwn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2012453). The team then switched up its approach, displaying the elite Hidden skills of their roster to win [Acheron](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281543#osu/4864408) with their third pick. The ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom responded with a massive team score on [Saika](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1224300#osu/2546419), led by an FC from ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050), to tie the match up 3–3.
```

> The match took a left turn with the next two picks. Canada opted into another aim consistency map with [Warcry](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281532#osu/4864391), but they were stonewalled by a ludicrous display from ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) and ::{ flag=GB }:: [Mahmood](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7627844), who each FC'd the map, helping the UK pick up a break point, the first of the match. They would immediately give up that advantage on the next pick, as Canada managed to scrape together a 155,339 point win on DT4's awkward high approach rate pick, [Hit & Run](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281450#osu/4864105).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The match took a left turn with the next two picks. Canada opted into another aim consistency map with [Warcry](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281532#osu/4864391), but they were stonewalled by a ludicrous display from ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) and ::{ flag=GB }:: [Mahmood](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7627844), who each FC'd the map, helping the UK pick up the first break point of the match. They would immediately give up that advantage on the next pick, as ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada managed to scrape together a 155,339 point win on the awkward high-approach-rate Double Time pick [Hit & Run](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281450#osu/4864105).
```

> The match took a left turn with the next two picks. Canada opted into another aim consistency map with [Warcry](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281532#osu/4864391), but they were stonewalled by a ludicrous display from ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) and ::{ flag=GB }:: [Mahmood](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7627844), who each FC'd the map, helping the UK pick up the first break point of the match. They would immediately give up that advantage on the next pick, as ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada managed to scrape together a 155,339 point win on the awkward high-approach-rate Double Time pick [Hit & Run](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281450#osu/4864105).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The match took a left turn with the next two picks. Canada opted into another aim consistency map with [Warcry](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281532#osu/4864391), but they were stonewalled by a ludicrous display from ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) and ::{ flag=GB }:: [Mahmood](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7627844), who each FC'd the map, helping the ::{ flag=GB }:: UK pick up the first break point of the match. They would immediately give up that advantage on the next pick, as ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada managed to scrape together a 155,339 point win on the awkward high-approach-rate Double Time pick [Hit & Run](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281450#osu/4864105).
```

> Tied 4-4, one pick remained per team. Canada selected [My Heart Will Go On](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1865009#osu/3853480) and put on a flow aim clinic, winning it by over 900k. Not to be outdone, the United Kingdom simply set one of the most absurd team scores ever seen in World Cup history — a three-way FC on [Fallen Angel](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/36319#osu/403050) from ::{ flag=GB }:: [rudj](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11592896), ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050), and ::{ flag=GB }:: [Akolibed](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9269034), all with over 99% accuracy, backed up by a last-second choke from ::{ flag=GB }:: [Mahmood](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7627844). The final tally? A score of **4,684,571**, one of the highest team scores ever seen on any map in any stage, good for a 1.7 million point win at the most critical moment to force the tiebreaker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tied 4–4, one pick remained per team. ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada selected [My Heart Will Go On](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1865009#osu/3853480) and put on a flow aim clinic, winning it by over 900k points. Not to be outdone, the ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom simply set one of the most absurd team scores ever seen in osu! World Cup history — a three-way FC on [Fallen Angel](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/36319#osu/403050) from ::{ flag=GB }:: [rudj](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11592896), ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050), and ::{ flag=GB }:: [Akolibed](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9269034), all with over 99% accuracy, backed up by a last-second choke from ::{ flag=GB }:: [Mahmood](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7627844). The final tally? A score of **4,684,571**, one of the highest team scores ever seen on any map in any stage, good for a 1.7 million point win at the most critical moment to force the tiebreaker.
```

> And what a tiebreaker it would be. The map was [today is the day](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281434#osu/4864081), setting the scene for stalwarts ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) and ::{ flag=CA }:: [xootynator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3717598) to go toe-to-toe in a furious battle to advance to the top 6. The two put forth a dazzling display in the match's biggest moment, but ::{ flag=CA }:: [xootynator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3717598) found the lone miss at the one-third mark, making up the difference the United Kingdom needed as ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) held over for 2300 combo to secure a win for the UK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And what a tiebreaker it would be. The map was [today is the day](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281434#osu/4864081), setting the scene for stalwarts ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) and ::{ flag=CA }:: [xootynator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3717598) to go toe-to-toe in a furious battle to advance to the top 6. The two put forth a dazzling display in the match's biggest moment, but ::{ flag=CA }:: [xootynator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3717598) found the lone miss at the one-third mark, making up the difference the ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom needed as ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) held over 2,300 combo to secure a win for the UK.
```

> And what a tiebreaker it would be. The map was [today is the day](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281434#osu/4864081), setting the scene for stalwarts ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) and ::{ flag=CA }:: [xootynator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3717598) to go toe-to-toe in a furious battle to advance to the top 6. The two put forth a dazzling display in the match's biggest moment, but ::{ flag=CA }:: [xootynator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3717598) found the lone miss at the one-third mark, making up the difference the ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom needed as ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) held over 2,300 combo to secure a win for the UK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And what a tiebreaker it would be. The map was [today is the day](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281434#osu/4864081), setting the scene for stalwarts ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) and ::{ flag=CA }:: [xootynator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3717598) to go toe-to-toe in a furious battle to advance to the top 6. The two put forth a dazzling display in the match's biggest moment, but ::{ flag=CA }:: [xootynator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3717598) found the lone miss at the one-third mark, making up the difference the ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom needed as ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) held over 2,300 combo to secure a win for the ::{ flag=GB }:: UK.
```

> A return to glory was the reward for the United Kingdom, reaching the Finals' week for the first time since 2021, while it was heartbreak for Canada, eliminated outside the top 6 for the first time since 2017.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A return to glory was the reward for the ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom, reaching the Finals week for the first time since 2021, whereas ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada received only a heartbreaking moment as they were eliminated from the top 6 for the first time since 2017.
```

---

> If the Semifinals are any indicator of what's to come, you'd be crazy to miss out the upcoming Finals weekend! You know the spiel, go to [the wiki](/wiki/Tournaments/OWC/2024) to see the schedules, do your [pick'ems](https://pickem.hwc.hr/tournaments/158), and join us on Saturday and Sunday on [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) for some top tier osu! gameplay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Semifinals are any indicator of what's to come, you'd be crazy to miss out the upcoming Finals weekend! You know the usual spiel: go to [the wiki](/wiki/Tournaments/OWC/2024) to see the schedules, do your [pick'ems](https://pickem.hwc.hr/tournaments/158), and join us on Saturday and Sunday on [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) for some top-tier osu! gameplay.
```
